Telemetry documentation: Lease Expiry Metrics (#10377)
hashicorp/vault: website/pages/docs/configuration/telemetry.mdx

- `enable_hostname_label` `(bool: false)` - Specifies if all metric values should
  contain the `host` label with the local hostname. It is recommended to enable
  `disable_hostname` if this option is used.
- `lease_metrics_epsilon` `(string: "1hr")` - Specifies the the size of the bucket used to measure future 
  lease expiration. For example, for the default value of 1 hour, the `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration`
  metric will aggregate the total number of expiring leases for 1 hour buckets, starting from the current time.
  Note that leases are put into buckets by rounding. For example, if `lease_metrics_epsilon` is set to 1hr and 
  lease A expires 25 minutes from now, and lease B expires 35 minutes from now, then lease A will be in the first
  bucket, which corresponds to 0-30 minutes, and lease B will be in the second bucket, which corresponds to 31-90
  minutes.

> - `num_lease_metrics_buckets` `(int: 168)` - The number of expiry buckets for leases. For the default value, for
>   example, 168 value labels for the `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration` metric will be reported, where each value 
>   each bucket is separated in time by the `lease_metrics_epsilon` parameter. For the default 1 hour value of 
>   `lease_metrics_epsilon` and the default value of `num_lease_metrics_buckets`, `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration`
>   will report the total number of leases expiring within each hour from the current time to one week from the current time.

Reviewer: I feel like "For the default value, for example, 168 value labels..." is awkward.

 ```suggestion
- `num_lease_metrics_buckets` `(int: 168)` - Controls the number of buckets reported by the `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration` metric, where each bucket is separated in time by the `lease_metrics_epsilon` parameter. For the default 1 hour value of  `lease_metrics_epsilon` and the default value of 
`num_lease_metrics_buckets`, `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration` will report the total number of leases 
expiring within each hour from the current time to one week from the current time.
```

- `enable_hostname_label` `(bool: false)` - Specifies if all metric values should
  contain the `host` label with the local hostname. It is recommended to enable
  `disable_hostname` if this option is used.
- `lease_metrics_epsilon` `(string: "1hr")` - Specifies the time difference between collections

>   of leases by expiry time. For example, for the default value of 1 hour, the `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration`

Reviewer: Hm, "time difference between collection of leases" makes it sounds like it is the interval at which the collection is done, not the interval of the underlying data.

How about something like "the size of the bucket used to measure future lease expiration?"  Or "the granularity of measurement for lease expiration"?

  metric will aggregate the total number of expiring leases for 1 hour buckets, starting from the current time.
  Note that leases are put into buckets by rounding. For example, if `lease_metrics_epsilon` is set to 1hr and 
  lease A expires 25 minutes from now, and lease B expires 35 minutes from now, then lease A will be in a

>   different bucket from lease B. 

Reviewer: I did not notice this, and it's somewhat surprising to me.  Maybe you could be more explicit in your example and say something like:

For the default 1 hour buckets, the first bucket consists of leases expiring between 0 and 29 minutes in the future, the second bucket consists of leases expiring between 30 and 99 minutes in the future, etc.

Rather than just stating that they are "different buckets".

(Alternatively, it's not too late to reconsider and round down so that bucket 0 is "0-59 minutes", bucket 1 is "60-119 minutes", etc.)

Author: I'm happy to do floors instead of rounds (so 0-59 --> bucket 0, 60-119 --> bucket 1, etc.), but I thought rounding would be more descriptive. For example, if 100 leases expire at minute 55 and 100 at minute 65, I as a customer would probably want the metric to report 200 in bucket 1, and 0 in bucket 0. But I can see it going either way. 

Definitely, can rewrite the example to be more explicit!

- `num_lease_metrics_buckets` `(int: 168)` - The number of expiry buckets for leases. For the default value for
  example, 168 value labels for the `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration` metric will be reported, where each value 

>   has a time difference from the previous value that is specified by the `lease_metrics_epsilon` parameter. For the

Reviewer: "has a time different from the previous value that is specified by the lease_metrics_epsilon parameter" 

=>

"each bucket is separated in time by the lease_metrics_epsilon parameter"?

  default 1 hour value of `lease_metrics_epsilon` and the default value of `num_lease_metrics_buckets`, `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration`
  will report the total number of leases expiring within each hour from the current time to one week from the current time.
- `add_lease_metrics_namespace_labels` `(bool: false)` - If this value is set to true, then `vault.expire.leases.by_expiration` will break down
  expiring leases by both time and namespace. For example, if x labels are expiring within one time bucket T specified by `lease_metrics_epsilon`
  and 40% of those leases are in namespace a and 60% of those leases are in namespace b, then having this value set to true will yield two

>   different label sets -- one with value .4x with labels T and a, and another with value .6x and labels T and b.

Reviewer: Sorry, I found the switch from 40% to .4x confusing and had to re-read.

I think the example is probably not necessary; what I'd prefer to say is that this is disabled by default because enabling it can lead to a large-cardinality metric.
